END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR SIGMA NUMERIX SIGLIB DSP SOFTWARE 

IMPORTANT READ CAREFULLY 

This Sigma Numerix End-User License Agreement is a legal agreement 
between you (either an individual or a single entity) and Sigma Numerix 
Limited for the Sigma Numerix software product identified above, which 
includes computer software and associated media and printed materials, 
and may include online or electronic documentation. By installing, 
copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, you agree to be bound 
by the terms of this agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this 
license, promptly return the unused SOFTWARE PRODUCT to Sigma Numerix 
for a full refund. 

SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE 

The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and international 
copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and 
treaties. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed, not sold. 

In this license agreement, SigLib refers to a product consisting of 
computer software algorithms and related codes for the calculation of 
digital signal processing and mathematical functions. 

Sigma Numerix Ltd. reserves the right to refuse to sell a license to 
anyone, and to revoke the license of anyone breaking the terms of the 
license. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT and all of its component parts. 

The laws of the United Kingdom will apply in any interpretation of the 
terms of this license. 

The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed as a single product. Its component 
parts may not be separated for use on more than one computer. Additional 
licenses are required to use SigLib, for development, on more than one 
computer concurrently. Site licences for multiple concurrent development 
stations are available on request. The licensee may make as many backups 
of SigLib as he sees fit, provided none are used for any purposes other 
than storage. 

You may receive the SOFTWARE PRODUCT in more than one medium. Regardless 
of the type or size of medium you receive, you may use only one medium 
that is appropriate for your single computer. You may not use or install 
the other medium on another computer. You may not loan, rent, lease, or 
otherwise transfer the other medium to another user, except as part of 
the permanent transfer (as provided above) of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT. 

Licensees must not reveal, make public, or distribute any source code, 
either modified or unmodified, related to SigLib without prior written 
permission. No one may transfer or reveal to any other person any code 
used in the operation of SigLib, unless that person is an employee or 
member of an organisation that is a licensee. No one may make use of, 
transfer, or reveal to any other person or organisation any information 
regarding software programming algorithms, methods, technology, and 
trade secrets used in SigLib, in any format either printed or electronic 
(including the Internet and World Wide Web), without prior written 
agreement from Sigma Numerix Ltd. 

You are free to modify or patch the SigLib source code, provided the 
original file headers are NEVER modified OR removed from the files. 

You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly 
permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation. 

You may not rent or lease the SOFTWARE PRODUCT. 

You may permanently transfer all of your rights under this agreement, 
provided you retain no copies, you transfer all of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT 
(including all component parts, the media and printed materials, any 
upgrades, this license agreement and, if applicable, the Certificate of 
Authenticity), and the recipient agrees to the terms of this license. If 
the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is an upgrade, any transfer must include all prior 
versions of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT. 

If the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is an upgrade from an earlier version you may 
use or transfer the SOFTWARE PRODUCT only in conjunction with that 
upgraded product, unless you destroy the upgraded product. You may use 
that upgraded product only in accordance with this license agreement. If 
the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is an upgrade of a component of a package of 
software programs that you licensed as a single product, the SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT may be used and transferred only as part of that single product 
package and may not be separated for use on more than one computer. 

RUN TIME LICENSES Run Time Licenses are not required when the SigLib 
OBJECT code is embedded in executable module(s) which form part, or all 
of a product(s). Sigma Numerix Ltd reserves the right to charge royalty 
fees or run-time licenses in all other applications of the SigLib 
library, e.g. where the SigLib library is uses as a component within 
development tools or other libraries. Please contact Sigma Numerix Ltd 
for further details. 

DISCLAIMER Due to the nature of the products and the continual 
development of them, Sigma Numerix Ltd. reserve the right to change the 
specification and / or the price of their products at any time. 

COPYRIGHT All title and copyrights in and to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT 
(including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations, 
video, audio, music, text, and applets, incorporated into the SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT), the accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT, are owned by Sigma Numerix. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is 
protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. 
Therefore, you must treat the SOFTWARE PRODUCT like any other 
copyrighted material except that you may either (a) make one copy of the 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT solely for backup or archival purposes, or (b) install 
the SOFTWARE PRODUCT on a single computer provided you keep the original 
solely for backup or archival purposes. You may not copy the printed 
materials accompanying the SOFTWARE PRODUCT. 

WARRANTY THE LICENSED PROGRAMS ARE NOT DESIGNED OR SUPPLIED TO BE USED 
IN CIRCUMSTANCES WHERE PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY 
COULD RESULT FROM ANY DEFECT OR ERROR IN THE LICENSED PROGRAMS. 

THE SUPPLIER WARRANTS THAT THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT AND THE DISKETTE OR 
OTHER MEDIA CONTAINING THE LICENSED PROGRAMS TO BE FREE FROM DEFECTS IN 
MATERIALS AND WORKMANSHIP UNDER NORMAL USE BY THE CUSTOMER FOR A PERIOD 
OF NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE. 

Sigma Numerix AND ITS SUPPLIERS' ENTIRE LIABILITY AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE 
REMEDY SHALL BE, AT Sigma Numerix' OPTION, EITHER RETURN OF THE PRICE 
PAID OR THE REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT WHICH IS 
RETURNED TO Sigma Numerix. 

THIS WARRANTY IS VOID IF FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT HAS RESULTED 
FROM ACCIDENT OR ABUSE OR MISAPPLICATION. 

ANY REPLACEMENT SOFTWARE PRODUCT WILL BE WARRANTED FOR THE REMAINDER OF 
THE ORIGINAL WARRANTY OR THIRTY DAYS (30), WHICHEVER IS LONGER. 

NO OTHER WARRANTIES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, 
Sigma Numerix AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EITHER 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH REGARD TO THE 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT, AND ANY ACCOMPANYING HARDWARE. 

NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED 
BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL Sigma Numerix OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS 
PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY 
OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT, EVEN IF Sigma Numerix HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND WHETHER OR NOT DUE TO THE NEGLIGENCE OF 
THE SUPPLIER. 

Should you have any questions concerning this agreement, or if you wish 
to contact Sigma Numerix for any reason, please contact : 

Sigma Numerix Ltd., Email : numerix@numerix-dsp.com WWW : 
http://www.numerix-dsp.com 

